dynamic_forward_proxy: DNS Cache circuit breaker (#11028)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_filters/dynamic_forward_proxy_filter.rst

  the certificate chain. Additionally, Envoy will automatically perform SAN verification for the
  resolved host name as well as specify the host name via SNI.

.. _dns_cache_circuit_breakers:

>   Dynamic forward proxy uses circuit breakers prepared for destination cluster for DNS cache. Now we are available to use DNS Cache circuit breaker that enables 

Reviewer: ```
Dynamic forward proxy uses circuit breakers built in to the DNS cache. This behavior can be temporarily disabled by the runtime feature `envoy.reloadable_features.disallow_dns_cache_circuit_breakers`. In this case, cluster circuit 
breakers are used.
```

  the certificate chain. Additionally, Envoy will automatically perform SAN verification for the
  resolved host name as well as specify the host name via SNI.

.. _dns_cache_circuit_breakers:

>   Dynamic forward proxy uses circuit breakers built in to the DNS cache with the configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Dynamic forward proxy uses circuit breakers built in to the DNS cache with the configuration
```

  of :ref:`DNS cache circuit breakers <envoy_v3_api_field_extensions.common.dynamic_forward_proxy.v3.DnsCacheConfig.dns_cache_circuit_breaker>`. By default, this behavior is enabled by the runtime feature `envoy.reloadable_features.enable_dns_cache_circuit_breakers`.

>   If this runtime feature is disabled, cluster circuit breakers will be used even if you set the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this runtime feature is disabled, cluster circuit breakers will be used even when setting the configuration
```

  host_added, Counter, Number of hosts that have been added to the cache.
  host_removed, Counter, Number of hosts that have been removed from the cache.
  num_hosts, Gauge, Number of hosts that are currently in the cache.

The dynamic forward proxy DNS cache circuit breakers outputs statistics in the dns_cache.<dns_cache_name>.circuit_breakers*
namespace.

.. csv-table::
  :header: Name, Type, Description
  :widths: 1, 1, 2

>   rq_pending_opening, Gauge, Whether the requests circuit breaker is closed (0) or open (1)

Reviewer: `rq_pending_open`

  host_added, Counter, Number of hosts that have been added to the cache.
  host_removed, Counter, Number of hosts that have been removed from the cache.
  num_hosts, Gauge, Number of hosts that are currently in the cache.

The dynamic forward proxy DNS cache circuit breakers outputs statistics in the dns_cache.<dns_cache_name>.circuit_breakers*
namespace.

.. csv-table::
  :header: Name, Type, Description
  :widths: 1, 1, 2

>   rq_pending_open, Gauge, Whether the requests circuit breaker is closed (0) or open (1)

Reviewer: Missing docs of overflow stat above or here

  host_added, Counter, Number of hosts that have been added to the cache.
  host_removed, Counter, Number of hosts that have been removed from the cache.
  num_hosts, Gauge, Number of hosts that are currently in the cache.

>   dns_rq_pending_overflow, Counter, Number of dns pending connection overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dns_rq_pending_overflow, Counter, Number of dns pending request overflow.
```
